
Humanoids

	s Savage - A humanoid of unknown evolutionary origin, this creature has
	grown thick patches of hair to protect it from the cold. Having inferior
	intelligence, Savages have resorted to carrying sticks as melee weapons
	and rocks as missiles.

	s Savage Chief - Of slightly higher intellect than the average Savage,
	Savage Chiefs are known to posess the ability of rallying nearby
	Savages, making them faster and stronger.
	
	s Savage Shaman - The weakest of the Savage kind, the Savage Shaman
	uses poisonous darts to attack its enemies. Having inferior strength,
	the Shaman likes to keep its distance from potential threats.

	h Former Human - No one knows how these humans survived until now, but
	what's certain is that they lost their humanity long ago. They now
	lurk in the dungeons, wielding ancient weaponry and shouting ancient
	slang in the dark.

Beasts

	r Rat - A squeaky little thing, but it'll chew off your feet in the
	dark. They like to hide under piles of debris, making surprise attacks.
	
	d Savage Dog - A Savage's best friend, these creatures are known to
	alert nearby Savages if they notice any strange presence in the dungeon.
	
	l Slime Lurker - An abomination which lives in and feeds of pools of
	slime. It likes to hide in slime pits, surprising its enemies. Be warned
	that they may spit radioactive slime on you!

	f Radioactive Fly - An immense insect, the Radioactive Fly likes to wander
	the dungeon in the search for slime pits, on which it feeds off. These
	Flies are known to spit radioactive goo at wanderers.
	
	F Poisonous Fungi - A patch of fungus which emits poisonous gas whenever
	it senses movement nearby.

Robots

	e Eyebot - A passive robotic entity, wandering the dungeons and triggering
	alarms if something doesn't fit the scenery.

	c Cleaning Robot - Another passive robotic entity, the Cleaning Robot keeps
	the dungeon squeaky clean by wandering around and eating loot off the ground.

	t Turret - An ancient method of securing areas, Turrets are stationary robots
	that shoot every enemy in sight.

